# URL 2
  Since the COVID-19 pandemic has attacked all over the world, economic downturns also continue, resulting in the worst unemployment crisis ever. The number of temporary layoff due to the social distancing is increasing, and even the number of people who gave up looking their jobs are also growing significantly. Not only limited to the employees, but the sluggish consumption led to a decrease in labor demand, such as the decrease in new job opening and recruitment of companies and an increase in involuntary unemployment had a significant impact on labor demand and supply at the same time. And this decline in the number of employed people began in March when the COVID-19 impact has started in earnest and has continued for nine months. Before the pandemic crisis start, the job problem was the main issue for eco-boomers, born between the early 1980s to early 2000s, and there was a slowly coming up with special measures to solve the job problem for them. However, even before a sharp solution was made, COVID-19 has attacked them. Job seekers, irregular workers, as well as full-time workers, have been exposed to the effects. So how serious is this current situation of the pandemic, and how strong is the correlation between COVID-19 and unemployment? The following statistical information is answering this question. 
  
  To begin with, it is required to collect the adequate dataset in order to find out the relationship between the unemployment rate and the confirmed cases of Covid-19. There has been various dataset that have identified not only the medical circumstances but also the economic circumstances under Covid-19. According to the research from a highly reliable government institution, it has already been proved that there is a positive correlation between the unemployment rate and the Covid-19. The negative circulation in economics is the ongoing issue since many people have lost their jobs due to either their health issue or the bankruptcy of their own business. Our group focused on collecting mainly the open and legal data, which are supported by the official government institutions or the education journal, to improve the accuracy and the confidence of the dataset. In order to emphasize the hypothesis, our group also has collected the cumulative data on Covid-19 from WHO, the World Health Organization, to demonstrate that the more cumulative number of both confirmed and death cases are increased, the severe damage effects on the unemployment rate. While we are in the process of collecting the data, we tried to focus on collecting various datasets that show different forms. Thus, it was possible to find the data that was supported by graphs, tables, quantitative, and qualitative data. As a result of an integrated survey of the contents, we were able to confirm that our hypothesis was supported.
  
  After finishing selecting the sources related to the direct relationship between the unemployment rate and COVID-19 in the U.S. to support the hypothesis, the process of data scraping and data cleaning was used to import the information from the sources into a file saved on the computer and to clean up and organize the sources and the data sets to make it more efficient to look at them. Therefore, the main parts of the data scraping and data cleaning were the data that is strongly related to the hypothesis and that shows the direct relationship between the unemployment rate and COVID-19 in the U.S. Through data scraping, we were able to successfully convert the sources into the raw data set of scraped results and stored them in csv file, one of the forms of structured data. After the data scraping, the csv file of data sets was used in the data cleaning process to receive a completed and clear table of unemployment rate and number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. 
  
  Through the data research, it is evident that the effect of COVID-19 has effected a lot on the unemployment rate. Unlike many other social crisis, unemployment is vital to our own economy, society and most importantly, to personal life. However, it can't be easily solved mostly in the current pandemic situation and the best way is to review the safety manual and keep to the quarantine rules what WHO is highlighting to the society. Even after the end of COVID-19, we should never forget this serious pandemic situation that leads directly to every life and destroys it. 

